add apache druid connector example (#403)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: connectors/apache_druid/README.md

    - State is checkpointed after each batch to preserve progress between runs.
3. The connector normalizes column types via `map_druid_type_to_fivetran()` to ensure compatibility.

## Error handling
Refer to `run_sql()` and `get_datasources()` for request handling.

The connector includes error handling for network, API, and SQL execution failures:
- Connection or timeout errors → logged and raised.
- HTTP 401/403 → authentication failure; connector stops execution.
- HTTP 404 → datasource or endpoint missing; logged and skipped.
- Invalid JSON → logged with an error message.
- All other errors → raised as `RuntimeError` with response details.

Retries are handled manually for transient failures and rate limits.

## Tables created
The connector dynamically replicates all datasources in the configured schema. Each datasource becomes a table in the Fivetran destination.

### Example tables

| Table | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TABLES` | Metadata about all tables and datasources. |
| `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS` | Metadata about all columns and their data types. |
| `SALES_DATA` | Example Druid datasource table with metrics and dimensions. |

> | `USER_EVENTS` | Example datasource table for event tracking data. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TABLES` | Metadata about all tables and data sources. |
| `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS` | Metadata about all columns and their data types. |
| `SALES_DATA` | Example Druid data source table with metrics and dimensions. |
| `USER_EVENTS` | Example data source table for event tracking data. |
```
